hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 psychological horror
thriller 10 Cloverfield Lane so let's
get started
to clarify this film does take place in
the same or a similar universe as the
first film Cloverfield however it has
nothing to do with the original
characters or even the Cloverfield
monster there are a few hints however
throughout the film to the Cloverfield
storyline but this film is its own
separate story the film opens with
Michele driving and hearing news reports
of blackouts in major cities
she is hit by an oncoming truck rolls
off the road and is knocked unconscious
when she wakes up she is injured and
chained to a wall in a concrete room a
man by the name of Howard enters the
room and tells her that he is going to
keep her alive she attempts to escape
and fails and Howard explains that they
are in an underground bunker because
there has been a massive attack on the
surface it is unclear who attacked
Russians North Koreans or even Martians
but Howard says that the air has become
poisoned by a nuclear or chemical
fallout and everyone on the surface is
dead Michelle calms down and Howard
takes her on a tour of a very well
stocked bunker and she meets Emmet a man
who Howard hired to help him build the
bunker and it had seen a massive
incredible flash before the attack and
came to the bunker to seek refuge
Howard shows Michelle the outside hatch
where she can see two pigs that are
being affected by contamination
Michelle spots Howard's truck however
and recognises it as the truck that
forced her off the road and begins to
think that Howard is lying about the
contamination and has simply kidnapping
her Howard also keeps displaying very
antisocial and aggressive behavior
furthering Michelle's fears at dinner
Michelle steals the keys to the hatch
and attempts to leave but sees a woman
covered in horrifying skin lesions
begging to get inside she realizes that
Howard was right and returns his keys
Howard confesses that he accidentally
struck Michelle's car in a panic to get
to the bunker and brought her in because
he felt guilty as time passes the group
adjusts and begins to develop a
family-like relationship Howard only
perceives Michelle as a young girl
however and later opens up that his
daughter is no longer with
after climbing through an air vent to
fix the filtration system
Michelle discovers a second hatch where
someone scratched help on to it using an
earring Michelle and Emmet talk in
private and Michelle finds out that the
girl that Howard said was his daughter
was actually a local girl who went
missing two years earlier concluding
that Howard had kidnapped this girl and
kept her in the bunker habita Michelle
secretly make a hazmat suit in order to
escape the bunker Howard discovers his
missing things and interrogate the two
and threatens to kill them with a barrel
of acid
Emmet takes full responsibility for
taking the tools and Michelle knew
nothing of it and Howard shoots Emma
dead Howard later finds the biohazard
suit and becomes angry
Michelle is able to escape and discovers
Emmett's dissolving body she knocks over
the barrel of acid and Howard falls into
it burning him and igniting a fire
Michelle is able to escape through an
air vent puts on the bio suit and
escapes outside Michelle sees birds
flying overhead so she removes her mask
thinking that it is safe believing
everything that Howard said was a lie
however she sees a large tentacled bio
mechanical ship floating in the distance
and suddenly the bunker explodes from
the fire drawing the ship's attention
Michelle is stalked by an alien creature
and the craft passes by releasing a
thick green gas she puts her mask back
on and takes shelter and Howard's truck
the tentacles latch onto the truck
pulling it towards the ship Michelle
fashions a Molotov cocktail and throws
it into the opening of the craft
destroying the ship Michelle drives away
knocking over a sign that says 10
Cloverfield after hanger radio broadcast
Michelle decides to travel to Houston to
help aid the human resistance after a
flash of lightning though we see a large
alien ship heading in the same direction
so that was the spoilers for 10
Cloverfield Lane if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media and remember to
Like and subscribe thanks for watching